# Big-Data-Capstone  
## Week 1    
**Introduction, Background, and Data Exploration**  
This week we became familiar with the overarching goals of this Capstone. We were introduced to a fictitious game called "Catch the Pink Flamingo" and the associated data generated by our development team of data scientists. This is a fascinating data set which provides many different options for exploration. The data set actually consists of 8 separate CSV files containing various types of data designed to simulate many aspects of game play and in-game user activity. We applied what we have learned in this Specialization on this data set to gain a better understanding of the practical challenges that a big data scientist faces every day.
In Week 1 we also did some data exploration, aggregation, and filtering using *SPLUNK*.  
## Week 2  
This week, we performed classification on the "Catch the Pink Flamingo" game data using a decision tree in KNIME.  
## Week 3  
This week we learned how to use Spark MLlib to do cluster analysis on the simulated game data.
## Week 4  
This week we explored a somewhat different dataset, simulated chat data, and perform some graph analytics using Neo4j.  

## Files Uploaded  
### Clusters using Spark.ipynb  
A Jupyter Notebook containing the cluster analysis performed on the simulated game data using **SPARK**.  

### Technical_Appendix_final.pdf  
A further detailed analysis done throughout this project in each week.  

### load-neo4j.cypher  
Contains the Cypher code to perform some graph analytics using Neo4j.  

### Capstone Project-EglenceInc-BusinessDeck.pdf  
The final Business Presentation summarizing the analysis and results with recommendations to increase the revenue of the company.  
